Readme.md, before:

# Mohamed AlQadeery Repo
## General -> General tasks received in course or home  
-[First-Task](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/First-Task)  
  Code the design using HTML/CSS and make it responsive
  
 -[Second-Task](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/Second-Task)  
  Code the design using HTML/CSS and make it responsive
  
  -[Thrid-Task](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/Third-Task/CarStoreApplication)  
  Exercise for Generic List  
 
  -[PortfolioApp](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/PortfolioApp)  
  Add documation for the api and loclaiztion   
  
  -[PostMVc](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/PostMvcApp)  
    Simple Post MVC Crud (No EF Core)  
  
  -[WebApi](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/WebApi)  
    the project was written in one layer (Web api project) rewrite this code using clean architecture   
    
   -[CustomerApp](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/CustomerApp)  
      Simple Customer CRUD (No EF Core)  
      use Javascript Promises (fetch-api) to add and display customers  

## Frontend -> Tasks related to front end projects  Angular etc..  
-[First Project](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/First-Project)  
  Code the design using HTML/CSS and make it responsive
  
-[todo-project-npm](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/todo-project-npm)  
  Make todo app using asp.net core web api as backend and pure javascript in frontend
  
-[todo-project-typescript](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/todo-project-typescript)  
  Refactor the todo app from pure javascript to using type script 
 
 -[angular-alert-task](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/angular-alert-task)  
 Make first angular app and 2 components warning alert and success alert and display them beneath each other  

## Backend->Tasks related to backend Asp.net core/web api etc..  
-[PortfolioApplication](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Backend/PortfolioApplication)  
  use the profolio design we made in front end task and create the backend for it using Asp.net core MVC 
  
  -[PortfolioApplication-WebApi](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/todo-project-npm)  
  use the profolio design we made in front end task and create the backend for it using Asp.net core Web Api

Commit message:

added angular directive task to readme file

Readme.md, after:

# Mohamed AlQadeery Repo
## General -> General tasks received in course or home  
-[First-Task](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/First-Task)  
  Code the design using HTML/CSS and make it responsive
  
 -[Second-Task](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/Second-Task)  
  Code the design using HTML/CSS and make it responsive
  
  -[Thrid-Task](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/Third-Task/CarStoreApplication)  
  Exercise for Generic List  
 
  -[PortfolioApp](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/PortfolioApp)  
  Add documation for the api and loclaiztion   
  
  -[PostMVc](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/PostMvcApp)  
    Simple Post MVC Crud (No EF Core)  
  
  -[WebApi](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/WebApi)  
    the project was written in one layer (Web api project) rewrite this code using clean architecture   
    
   -[CustomerApp](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/General/CustomerApp)  
      Simple Customer CRUD (No EF Core)  
      use Javascript Promises (fetch-api) to add and display customers  

## Frontend -> Tasks related to front end projects  Angular etc..  
-[First Project](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/First-Project)  
  Code the design using HTML/CSS and make it responsive
  
-[todo-project-npm](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/todo-project-npm)  
  Make todo app using asp.net core web api as backend and pure javascript in frontend
  
-[todo-project-typescript](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/todo-project-typescript)  
  Refactor the todo app from pure javascript to using type script 
 
 -[angular-alert-task](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/angular-alert-task)  
 Make first angular app and 2 components warning alert and success alert and display them beneath each other  
 
 -[directive-angular](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/directive-angular)  
 Angular task that cover directives (ngIF,ngFor) and covers NgStyle    

## Backend->Tasks related to backend Asp.net core/web api etc..  
-[PortfolioApplication](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Backend/PortfolioApplication)  
  use the profolio design we made in front end task and create the backend for it using Asp.net core MVC 
  
  -[PortfolioApplication-WebApi](https://github.com/WeStart-ASP-NETCOREAngular/MohamedAlQadeery/tree/master/Frontend/todo-project-npm)  
  use the profolio design we made in front end task and create the backend for it using Asp.net core Web Api
